src/core/api/README.md, before:

# The `API` ####################################################################

The API is the front-facing part of the code.
It will be the only layer used by applications integrating the RxPlayer library.

As such, its main roles are to:
  - provide a comprehensive API for the user
  - translate user order into actions in the player
  - redirecting events to the user



## `public_api.ts`: the largest file here ######################################

`public_api.ts` is at the time of writing by far the longest file in all the
RxPlayer, with more than 2000 lines.

One of reason is that the API needs to have a considerable state because most of
the other modules rely on Observables.

I'll explain:
The API can't just interogate at any time the concerned module as if it was a
class with methods. Here most modules are functions which send events.

The problem is that a library user might want to have an information at any
given moment (for example, the current bitrate), which internally is only
sent as an event by some module.
It is thus the role of the API to store that information when it receives
this event to then communicate it back to the user.

 Also, as the API is a single class with a huge private state, being able
 to see those state mutations in a single file allows us to better think about
 how it all works.

 Another huge part of that file is actually the entire public API, as small
 functions.

 Still, we did some efforts to reduce the size of that file. For example, some
 long argument-parsing code has been moved out of this file, into
 `core/api/option_utils`. We might find other ways to reduce that size in the
 future, but that's not a main concern for now.



## Subparts ####################################################################

To facilitate those actions, the API relies on multiple building blocks:

  - __the `Clock` (./clock.ts)__

    Provide an Observable emitting regularly the current playback conditions for
    the Player. Many RxPlayer modules rely on that clock.


  - __the `TrackChoiceManager` (./track_choice_manager.ts)__

    Ease up text/audio/video track switching to provide a simple-to-use API.

    It as another sister block the `MediaElementTrackChoiceManager`
    (./media_element_track_choice_manager.ts), has the same role but for
    "directfile" contents - which are contents directly played by the browser
    (by setting the media file as the `src` of a media element).


  - __the `option utils` (./option_utils.ts)__

    Parse options given to some RxPlayer API calls, to add default parameters
    and provide inteligible warnings/errors

Commit message:

Refacto the "clock" module into a more self-describing "PlaybackObserver"
The clock was initially named that way because it was originally an
Observable emitting playback conditions at regular intervals.

Hence this module was called the Clock (or `clock$`) due to its behavior,
and the playback conditions it emitted were called `ticks`, because
that's what clocks do.

That's somewhat cute but sadly we had to disfigure the poor thing in
recent times.

The last nail on its coffin was the `internal seek` feature, which
necessitated to add seeking capabilities to it - which kind of looked
out of place there. This was not the only bad thing we inflicted to that
poor clock though. We also had added a `getCurrentTime` function to each
of those ticks, so we would not just be able to obtain the position at
the time of the tick, but at any time we which.

So I thought that it was time to stop this masquerade and retire it.

This commit try to replace it by a now-more appropriately named
`PlaybackObserver`, which is now a class with methods such as:

  - getCurrentTime
  - getLastObservation (which was also badly wanted)
  - setCurrentTime
  - listen (equivalent of the old clock's Observable)

There are still some rough edges though. First, the `tick` variable is
now more generally named `observation`, which is kind of a too-generic
(and kind of not nice-sounding) name.

The more strange / ugly thing left is that `getLastObservation` returns
the last observation emitted by `listen`'s shared Observable.

This kind of makes sense, but when you consider that `listen` is lazy,
this means that `getLastObservation` will never change. This still kind
of makes sense just by reading the function's name, but it doesn't that
much makes sense in how it is used in the code.

So I'm still unsure of what I'm going to do with this?

Remove it for now (doable because listen takes an argument which can
allow the last observation to be emitted)?

Make listen's Observable hot?

src/core/api/README.md, after:

# The `API` ####################################################################

The API is the front-facing part of the code.
It will be the only layer used by applications integrating the RxPlayer library.

As such, its main roles are to:
  - provide a comprehensive API for the user
  - translate user order into actions in the player
  - redirecting events to the user



## `public_api.ts`: the largest file here ######################################

`public_api.ts` is at the time of writing by far the longest file in all the
RxPlayer, with more than 2000 lines.

One of reason is that the API needs to have a considerable state because most of
the other modules rely on Observables.

I'll explain:
The API can't just interogate at any time the concerned module as if it was a
class with methods. Here most modules are functions which send events.

The problem is that a library user might want to have an information at any
given moment (for example, the current bitrate), which internally is only
sent as an event by some module.
It is thus the role of the API to store that information when it receives
this event to then communicate it back to the user.

 Also, as the API is a single class with a huge private state, being able
 to see those state mutations in a single file allows us to better think about
 how it all works.

 Another huge part of that file is actually the entire public API, as small
 functions.

 Still, we did some efforts to reduce the size of that file. For example, some
 long argument-parsing code has been moved out of this file, into
 `core/api/option_utils`. We might find other ways to reduce that size in the
 future, but that's not a main concern for now.



## Subparts ####################################################################

To facilitate those actions, the API relies on multiple building blocks:

  - __the `PlaybackObserver` (./playback_observer.ts)__

    Provide multiple methods allowing to monitor the current playback conditions
    (e.g. the current position and/or the current playback rate).
    Many RxPlayer modules rely on this PlaybackObserver.


  - __the `TrackChoiceManager` (./track_choice_manager.ts)__

    Ease up text/audio/video track switching to provide a simple-to-use API.

    It as another sister block the `MediaElementTrackChoiceManager`
    (./media_element_track_choice_manager.ts), has the same role but for
    "directfile" contents - which are contents directly played by the browser
    (by setting the media file as the `src` of a media element).


  - __the `option utils` (./option_utils.ts)__

    Parse options given to some RxPlayer API calls, to add default parameters
    and provide inteligible warnings/errors
